when I was growing up, I I would say that it should have been involved
with lots of bullying, but I had a different take on my actions. I
had these glasses and, you know, thick glasses before, Um, you know,
when they didn't, when they couldn't fit it out. I had these, like,
um, glass holders, you know, that my grandmother gave me and, um, I
also spoke proper and being in all black community, I was kind of looked
at as, ah, prior it. Uh, I should have been the target of pulling
a lot. However, when I experienced that, I would kind of just keep
to myself, you know, I said, Well, you know what? Like thes thes
people, Of course, there are lots of kids and you always, like, go out
there, play tag with them. You play football with them. But I just
kind of saw that they weren't, um my crew basically and kind of just
stuck with myself. Um, that was when I was a young kid. Maybe before,
you know, 89 I then went to Germany, and I started living on a
on a military base. And after that, things completely changed. I think
I had one or two more bullies after that. But for the most part,
because we were all there, we all had a decent salary. We all had toys
and games and intend does and bikes. And, you know, life was really
good. And I think that that's one of the reasons that bullies exist
because they're having some kind of problem with their lives on day
kind of wanna, you know, spread the hate around. But when you're
having, when you have a decent life when your when your father is in
the military or your father is in the Army, your mother is like an
admiral or something, and you have a standard paycheck. And, um, you
can actually make your parents look bad if you do bad. If someone bullies
mean, you know, their parents can actually hear it. So bullying
basically stopped once I started going to Germany. Um, I was like
that for two years, you know, great life. And then after another year,
and then I went to the German section of Germany, and, um, even
though I had the glasses, you know, like I was actually looking cooler
at the time was actually also working out. Um, then I became a superstar.
So for that year and a half, from seventh grade to eighth grade,
Um, I was the most popular kid. Girls were liking me, and guys
always wanted my friends, you know, invited me to their house. Um,
life was really great. So my whole point is to say this once after spending
those three years of building my confidence in Germany once
I got back to the States. Um, yeah, of course. There were bullies there,
but it just flew right off of me. You know, I said, you know what?
Like I'm I'm a superstar, you know? You can't touch me. I'm really
smart. Um, enough girls told me that I'm really handsome, you know,
like So who are you? You know, like, there's nothing that you could
possibly say that could actually like, Get me down, you know, and
I e think I kept that, um, in high school junior year and senior. I
was actually working out a lot. I think I had the body of a football
player and I also got contacts. I mean, then I was I was actually
really popular kid in high school. So, um yeah, I brushed, pulling off
a soon as I went to Germany because I found a place Thio get my confidence
from